&copy; Jordy Veenstra 2022
&copy; A Pixelated Point of View 2009 - 2022

All videogames, mods, software and engines mentioned in this repository belong to their respective owners.

This information repository was established for Open-Source and non-commercial purposes. Screenshots that contain videogame, videogame assets, mods, software and/or videogame engines
were used under Fair Use Copyright Law with a primary function of reporting, helping and teaching others.

LAST UPDATED ON - DECEMBER 19TH, 2022

BY DOWNLOADING, READING AND/OR USING THE INFORMATION FOUND IN THE MACHINIMA VAULT, OR KNOWN AS 'THE REPOSITORY', YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE:

The information in this repository is given to you, as-is, free of charge (as in free beer), without any warranty. 
What you do with the textual information found in this repository it is up to you as long as it respects the terms of use.  
A Pixelated Point of View is not liable in any way for what happens after you use this information.

You are free to use and/or reproduce any information (EXCLUDING screenshots and video's) found on this repository on various FREELY ACCESSIBLE, NON-COMMERCIAL media, such as, 
but not limited to blogs, websites, textual/video essays, news articles, and open source and/or freely-accessible research papers, video work or books as long as Jordy Veenstra, A Pixelated Point of View 
and all of the other copyright holders are properly cited with a link referencing the Machinima Vault. If you intend to use any of the screenshots and/or video's found inside the Vault for any of these purposes,
it is your responsibility to ensure that Fair Use Copyright standards have been properly met.

When in doubt if your intended use breaks the Terms of Use, please contact me first. If you do not, it is still your responsibility that the Terms of Use are met.

You are free to use any of the TEXTUAL knowledge found in this repository for the purpose of machinima-making and video post-production.
Citing The Machinima Vault if you used it for primarily machinima-making and/or post-production is NOT required, but of course always recommended.

The COMMERCIAL use of any of the TEXTUAL information in this repository for the sole purpose of machinima-making and video post-production is allowed. 
This EXCLUDES any of the video's and screenshots found on this repository as they are released under Fair Use! It is the sole responsibility 
of the machinimator and/or filmmaker to receive proper copyright clearance from the copyright holders depending on the use and purpose the filmmaker has in mind. 
A Pixelated Point of View explicitly rejects any liability regarding copyright infringement due to improper use by any user of the repository.

The COMMERCIAL use of any of the TEXTUAL information in this repository for the purpose of closed-source textual and video related media such as, 
but not limited to, paid books, paid e-books, pay-to-access news subscriptions or pay-to-access research papers and/or research journals, VOD platforms 
that utilize a subscription model, and for example commercial events/cinemas are STRICTLY PROHIBITED unless EXPLICIT written clearance has been received 
from A Pixelated Point of View and all of the other copyright holders involved.
